Outstanding things that need thinking about:
- Tech, in its entirety. Does anyone care?
	- Have N number of a thing
	- An item can require N things
	- Can allocate N things to a room, too.
	- If an item is in a room that has N things, that fulfils its requirements.
	- How to handle having things in one room most of the time, but moved briefly?
	What kind of tech requests are there?
	What kind of questions/info do tech need?
	What sort of format, with what sort of scope?
	What level of granularity?
		Tracking individual mics would be generally a waste, unless it's (say) a radio mic for questions.

		projectors
		screens
		DI-boxes (computer-to-stereo XLR converters)
		"the mics" for a given room. (They go to the room, and stay there)
		Roving audience mics get logged.
		Telly
		DVD player
		Portable boom-box for dance classes, etc.
	Want to find who changed what, so can chase up why.
		Both notification, and report.
		Approve/reject by email reply?
	Department heads should be the only ones that can check approval.
	Consider whether to collect things into an overall room kit.
	tech notes field.
	Track when subdivided rooms change layout. (i.e. changing the partitions between rooms)
		Perhaps based on having a non-visible item between two visible ones.
		And with an item flag to indicate re-partitioning.
	Grid display option: membership number and tags.
	Add-to-item option: memnum and tag 
	(Both the above are to support creating programme without personal bias)
	Option to have shortname public (grids, badges)?
	Room participates in clashes (separately for people/tech/items)

Lindsey:
	s/tech/kit/?
	report by equipment - where is proj used?
	kit report by room.
	kit report by type (so can see if they're being moved)
	Counts of (numbers of people on a panel), for room.
	tech changes should trigger revisions
		(actually want to know what tech things have changed)
	TBA are hassle, but it's a preference.
	Need and/or has sound.
	Does room have natural light?
	Audience mics required? -> item (implies gophers)
	Confirm person is providing their own computer flag.
		Iff mac, providing own adaptor for projector.
	Iff in main hall: has media been sent to tech?
	Item: requires projector, participants requires assistance setting up? (knows how to use projector).
	Ordering/sourcing status might be useful.
	Room can be secured flag.
	Lights controllable from within room flag
	Aircon controllable form within room flag
	Room Lift/trolley accessible
	Room is geographically remote w/o stairs.
	Room has wifi
	Room has cable runs
	Room has usable built-in screen.
	Room has openable windows
	Room has closable curtains
	Room has ceiling brackets (for light suspension)
	Item needs wifi (please no!)
	Room is in radio range
	Item flag to indicate consumes all tech-crew resources (all hands on deck)
		And so other concurrent items can't have tech-setup changes.

	Physical programme items require reset time.
	Items with children require cleaning/repair time.

	Front-of-room layout enumeration.

	Lighting enumeration not needed at the moment

	Roll-through to future conventions?

	Get listing of kit moves, then approve consecutive uses in different rooms, so they don't come up again.

	Grid display: participant count, kit. don't care about item names or people names.
	grid display: show items where kit is first used since arriving in a room.
	grid display: show last use of kit, so it can be put away.

	Export a set of alarms to a laptop for calendaring (by department, at least).

	Information on when hotel should resupply water/feed tech.

- Availability. Just make it a separate table, and add
  ManyToMany for rooms?
- Item Sequencing. Just a separate table, add when need.
- Item Moves. Add when we need that.
- Room divisions
- Room capacities
- Con Data, in various forms.
- Revisions
	Need to model personel changes, too.

Model corrections:
(all applied, at present)
	My class-methods for find_default() should really be methods on
	custom managers, since it's a common query.

Things that need something better than the admin interface:
- The slot form: need to be able to enter a time, and have
  that converted to mins.
